Good evening. Good evening. I have your attention. Yes. Thank you. Good evening. As always, we
are really grateful for those of you who pitch in here and add your ideas.
Except you never use any of our ideas or really listen.
Jay, I don't think you can say that and be fair. Look, I am more than happy to look at
your ideas. Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Okay. Chris is here to talk about some ways we are
trying to include more physical activity in the curriculum to deal with this fatigue problem.
I'm sorry. What was that? Sorry? Oh, it's my first PTA meeting. Oh, well, thank you.
Thank you for coming. Thanks. I just was wondering what is meant by the fatigue problem? Yeah,
I'm curious about that, too. It's also my first PTA meeting. I work high.
The fatigue problem is what was identified in the first quarter of the school year as
being a marked decline in the spirit and interest and energy of the kids here, usually around
noon or right after lunch. It's because of the lunch. They aren't given
enough time to eat. No, it's not that. They're being demoralized.
You fill them with academics. You don't tell them who they are.
For now, we are focusing on the lack of physical activity. Now, we still don't have a gym because
of last year's diarrhea flood. Excuse me. Excuse me. My name is Nancy Cartesian.
My son is never Cartesian. Jesus.
He has definitely suffered from the fatigue syndrome. In my opinion, it's because of the
competitive nature of the school, of the children. I'm reading about this Reggio teaching method
from Italy. It's like Montessori, only it's a little bit more creative.
When are they supposed to dance? It's the academics. This place is still stuck
in the 70s. Who still teaches math anymore? We've been talking about introducing some
competitive sports. I think our kids just need to be allowed to
play more creatively. You are all way off. This problem is...
It's school, right? I mean, school sucks, right?
You do what you can to improve it, but in the end, there's a limit because it's school.
School sucks. Remember?
Hey. Hey. Hey, can I get one of those?
Sure. Thank you.
Yeah, I don't think your school sucks initiative is going to get much support, I'm just saying.
I know.
